What is it guys and what KMAX So we're going to be adding some lengths to the rate here.
OK we're going to add some stuff and then we're also going to be working up the footer right here and
this one right here.
So let's get started first of all you have to just go to customize.
And then we have to work with it to basically that's the footer and the header.
We cannot edit this elementary but we can edit everything instead of that element.
Tori OK inside the content area so
here we go.
You can see that we have our photo right here.
We have full of widgets right here so you can see that we have our photo trade here.
So if you want to show some photos it you can also show some for our budget.
But since this is a normal web site or a personal web site that is why I don't think so that we need
to add photo Brigitte's but we will be adding the photo of a later on but we will build another website
and another company based Web site.
OK so this is a personal web site.
I didn't think so if it requires the footer visit so you can see that this line will be gone and this
will look much better right now.
OK.
And now we have to go back and here is the bottom.
So what you can do you can change this so you can read here anything.
Copyright
copy right.
And you can add the copyright time.
Basically OK.
Copy Right.
So I'm going to add that copyright and that is going to be and O why.
OK.
And I'm going to add this to and see that it's that it gives the copyright signature right here.
Can see and then I want to enter the name that is that that will be the site name that will be I and
Ziel calm copyright and dot com 2017 and then it's going to be DSA designed
web site design read and I want to have I want to enter a hard sign right here.
So for this I want to go to the font awesome fund.
Awesome dord I O.
Slash icon.
So you have to visit this website.
OK.
And then you have to search for the icon and that is going to be hard horror.
So I want to grab this one right here.
OK.
You have this girl I want to copy this code and I want to come here and I want to paste it right here.
She can see that it says designed website design with lup Web site made it
ok that's cool.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
And there we go.
And now let's come here and let's view our website.
So here we go you can see that this is how it is working.
We have our this totally changed.
And this is also coming right here.
This is however upstaters looking say it is now full and final.
And you can see everything is looking great.
OK.
So basically Velvel stop for a king with this website right now and Vitthal over another Web site in
the next section.
The reason is that we also want to add some Bateman's services there should be the dashboard for person
who is hiring me and the person can also pay me by a credit card and be Bell our data bank transfer.
So we will be adding that later on when we will be learning how to build e-commerce website.
But this this was the section to tell you that how can you build a normal website normal static web
site and you can see that this is the way that we have build is the best design no one will create websites
for you with this design this is this website is build the best design and you can design it yourself.
Now you can see that you have to just focus on single color.
Make sure you can use different types of shades but you can see that V single color and this is how
it is looking.
OK.
We have a different color right here.
We have black color but this is basically a crate I catching that is why I added this.
OK so you can see that we we now know how to design a normal based one page website.
So this is our one page website that we have designed in the next video will design a lot of say design
business versus normal normal business web site and there will be also the blog functionality.
Also built a total total blog website where there would be the fun full page home page for having the
blog website then available online e-commerce store.
You'll also build websites like Facebook will also build up site of a forum functionality where people
can post question will also build a chat Web site and so many websites with this WordPress OK so stadium
is for dad.
But now we will stop it right now.
OK so ill just go with another website and Vende Vivah learn how can we accept payments.
Then I will also degrade Beaman functionality to this website later on.
But you guys also have to stop this right now.
Let's go to another Web site and build it.
Say OK so now we are totally done with this website.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stay tuned.
And by.